# turnyknobby
I made a turny knobby thingy cause I wanted my desk to look cooooolll. So i can be reall tuff and flex my sigma-ness to all my friends, I also throught it would be really fun to design and build, and so far, I'm right. I wanted to be able to control my volume without spamming my volume increase buttons, and I wanted the thing to be bluetooth, cause I don't like wires clutering up my desk.

I started with the custom PCB, I kind of based the PCB off a blinky board, except it has a microcontroller and no random other stuff, just microcontroller connected to leds with a rotary encoder for the turning. I chose the xiao esp32-s3 ecause of its bluetooth capabilities and after finishing my schematic, I started on the PCB. I made circle as the edges of the PCB and put the LEDs in a circle around the edges so they can display how high my volume is. I made sure the rotary encoder was in the exact middle, so when I turn it (there will be a case on top) the case wont look weird. After tracing it up, I finished the PCB.

Once I finsihed the PCB, I moved on to the CAD. Before I could fully begin with CADing the case, I had to get all my 3d models imported, and to do that, I would have to decide which lipo battery I would use. I spent a while trying to decide and I made sure the one I chose had a 3d model of it, so I could cad it into the case. Once I had all my 3d models imported, I moved on to actually creating the case. I started by creating the bottom and frame, like I always do, created the turn thingy and made a hole for the rotary encoder, so that when I turn the case, it turns the rotary encoder. Then, I created some slots for the lid in the bottom part of the case, so it fits properly. After that, I added supports for the PCB and lipo battery, and with that, I finsihed the CAD.

